Steps to enable project into internal_tf (#496)
packit/deployment: docs/internal_tf.md

# Approve a project for using internal Testing Farm ranch

Add the project namespace to the `enabled_projects_for_internal_tf` list in `secrets/packit/prod/packit-service.yaml.j2`

> Changes in config won't land automatically in production, you also need to update the config manually in [production](https://console-openshift-console.apps.auto-prod.gi0n.p1.openshiftapps.com/k8s/ns/packit-prod/secrets/packit-config) and restart all the services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in config won't land automatically in production, you also need to [update the config manually with our script](https://github.com/packit/deployment/tree/main/secrets#update-secrets-in-openshift) or via [Web Console](https://console-openshift-console.apps.auto-prod.gi0n.p1.openshiftapps.com/k8s/ns/packit-prod/secrets/packit-config) and restart all the services:
```

    oc rollout restart deploy/packit-service
    oc rollout restart sts/packit-worker-short-running
    oc rollout restart sts/packit-worker-long-running

To list all workflows:

>     oc get deployments
>     oc get statefulsets

Reviewer: Since you use the short names in above example, I'd use them here as well for consistency

```suggestion
    oc get deploy
    oc get sts
```

# Enable project to use internal tf (testing farm)

> Add project namespace to the list of `enabled_projects_for_internal_tf` in secrets/packit/prod/packit-service.yaml.j2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the project namespace to the `enabled_projects_for_internal_tf` list in `secrets/packit/prod/packit-service.yaml.j2`
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe `internal Testing Farm instance`, or `internal Testing Farm ranch` (as they call it).

> Changes will land in production on Tuesday morning, so probably you also need to update config in [production](https://console-openshift-console.apps.auto-prod.gi0n.p1.openshiftapps.com/k8s/ns/packit-prod/secrets/packit-config) and restart all the services using it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changes won't land in production until Tuesday morning, so you probably also need to update the config in [production](https://console-openshift-console.apps.auto-prod.gi0n.p1.openshiftapps.com/k8s/ns/packit-prod/secrets/packit-config) and restart all the services using it:
```

Reviewer 4: They shouldn't land at all in production, since it's a config change that requires manual intervention.

Reviewer: > since it's a config change that requires manual intervention

Maťo is right, it's not a code change but a config change so it's not automatically deployed on Tue morning, but once someone manually updates the secret.

> They shouldn't land at all in production,

Not sure I follow, the change lands in production (once someone does that manually)

Reviewer 4: > (once someone does that manually)

that's exactly the reason why I said “they shouldn't land at all (by themselves)” :D

```bash
    oc rollout restart deploy/packit-service
    oc rollout restart sts/packit-worker-short-running
    oc rollout restart sts/packit-worker-long-running
```

> To get an overview:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all workflows:
```

> ```
>     oc get deployments
>     oc get statefulsets
> ```

Reviewer: FYI: Just [indenting the lines](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax#code-blocks) (without the triple backticks) should have the same effect:

```suggestion

    oc get deployments
    oc get statefulsets

```
